All right, in this video we're gonna take a look
at the app that we're building as well as
the tech stack that's going to happen behind it.
So the app we're building is called Sick Fits
and it's sort of like an online store that allows us to
create an account, you can log in and sell your things
and then you can also add them to your basket,
that'll add it to your cart,
you can checkout for your cart and then view your order.
So let's kinda go through the application.
First of all this is the main page.
This is kinda the main part of it where we have items
that we are going to sell.
You can go ahead and add items to your cart
and you see that that item is updated here.
I can add that item to the cart here.
You can open it up, I can change the
number of items that are in the cart
and that will update in real time.
It will also allow us to search for things.
So if I search for Nudie it's going to show us
a couple different items that are in our cart.
You can view single items,
you can add those items to your cart right from there.
Then when you have some things that you like to buy.
We go ahead and put in our credit card number.
What do we got here?
Four, two, got a little shortcut
for the test credit card, we'll talk about that.
And then you go ahead and it's gonna add the item.
And going to route us over to the order page.
And you can see the cart is still open here
because it's action never refreshing the page
is part of the react that we are going to build.
Then you can see your orders, it shows you all of the
items that you have.
We can got to the orders page and see all of our
past orders that we have had.
You can go home to the home page.
You see how nice and fast this is? When we click around?
That's because we're using Apollo to do some caching.
So that the Vagle.
We got some my accounts stuff.
We'll go into to that as well.
So that's what we're building here.
It's kind of got all the things that an application
you would build will need.
Its got E-commerce, its got relationship data,
its got accounts, its got permissions that we're gonna
be able to work with.
Its got carts, its got local state, and
everything we've been working with.
It's obviously not the most battle tested application.
You probably will find stuff. You're not gonna go ahead
and start a store with this tomorrow and expect it
to do absolutely everything you want.
But, hopefully it has all the different pieces that will
give you a good idea how React, and Apollo, and GraphQL,
and the front and the back
and all these things work together.
So that is it. We're gonna look at the stack now.
So, if you go to forward-slash diagram or
I'm also gonna put this diagram up on the
advanced React sales page so you can
reference it there as well.
But, it's really like four main pieces to our application.
And it's broken down into the front end and the back end.
So lets start with he front end.
Obviously the front end it's going to be built in React.
That is my framework of choice and that's why we built
this course as well.
And along with React.js we're gonna be using Next.js
and Next.js is just a framework that allows us to do
server rendering of our React application
and it also provides some other stuff in terms of doing
pages and creating overall layout of our applications.
So I'm a big fan of Next.js, the server rendering is
really good, the server routing is really good.
You don't have to write any custom routing for this.
It just works. It does all of the Webpack and all of
the bundling for us and the tooling.
So it's not something we have to worry about.
There is a little bit of config that we do have to write
for Next.js and we'll get in to that.
For styling it, writing our CSS, we're gonna write it
using styled-components to write CSS specifically
for each of our components.
And then we're gonna be using something called React Apollo
which is an adapter for the Apollo client.
So that the, sort of the view layer.
That's the interface layer we have as React and then,
still on the front end, to manage our data we use
something called Apollo.
So, you may have heard of...
Obviously you've heard of React State by now.
You may probably have heard of something called Redux.
And there is all kinds of things you can use to manage
your data and the client.
And when you're using GraphQL, there's this really great
library call Apollo and what Apollo does is it replaces
the need to use React State. It replaces the need to use
something like Redux. And it also does
Well lets go through it right now.
It helps us perform or mutations with GraphQL.
So that's when we want to sell something, we add an item,
or we delete something or we add something to our cart.
Anytime we're like changing data
that's a mutation,
It also allows us to fetch data from our GraphQL
back in with queries.
It does caching which is amazing because the fact that
I can go to this homepage and click through to these pages.
You see the first time it's a little bit slow
and then the next time after that it's amazing.
That because the data. These items are stored in the cache
and it just makes it instant for us to go back and forth
between the two because the data is store in the cache.
There is no secondary cache that we need to manage,
like something like with Redux.
We can manage our local state with it
we're gonna go into that.
For example,
if the cart is open or the cart is closed, that is data not
stored in the database but it's data stored
locally in the in the browser.
Error in loading states.
So anytime I were to...
You see if I search here for Nudie, you see that it
really quickly.
Backspace, if I type in Nudie again.
You see how it turns yellow for a quick second?
That's the loading state.
Or if something were to go wrong when I was trying to search
or add item or delete an item or anything at all,
it takes care catching those errors and
nicely providing them to us.
And so I have a little note here.
Apollo client replaces the need to use Redux and
data fetching libraries and caching libraries.
It does it all for us. Its sort of a one stop shop for
managing our data in our client.
Now, that's the front end.
We'll flip over to the back end.
The back end database. At the end of the day our database
that we're going to be using is mySQL.
However, you can use PostgreSQL,
there's gonna be adapter for all of the databases
in the coming future.
However, we don't necessarily care that it's in mySQL
because we're not gonna be interfacing with the mySQL
database directly. We're gonna be using
something called Prisma.
And what what Prisma does is it takes like an
empty database, or you can also have an existing database
that has some data in it. And it provides sort of
an interface layer on top of your database for all
of your common CRUD operations, all of your
Create Read Update and Delete.
And I really like that because when you're making
a GraphQL API, it's, we're all doing the same thing
at the end of the day. We're all creating data, we're all
creating relationships between data, we're all updating data
and we're all deleting data.
So, it provides a very comprehensive API right on top of
all of our data models.
So what we're gonna do, we're gonna define what our
data looks like. It's gonna ingest that and then provide
us with a set of API's that allows us to do
all of the CRUD operations on top of it.
So we do that though creating our schema.
We can use GraphQL to establish any relationships
between our data.
So were going to be having items and we're gonna have users
and a user will have items, and a user will have orders
and there's gonna be items in the cart and cart items
need to refer to the items.
There's all kind of relationships going on in here.
And it can either be self hosted or used as a service.
So right now Prisma is a all open source.
You can go ahead and host it yourself or you can use,
well it's what we're gonna be doing in this tutorial is,
using the Prisma development service that will allow us
to get up and running with that right away.
Now, Prisma by itself does not provide any sort of
additional Logic layer.
It's just a set of GraphQL, Create Read Update and Delete
API's on top of it.
And now if you were to want to introduce any sort Logic
before you actually save the data into your database,
then you need something else.
Because lets say you wanted to, well lets look at us.
Lets say we wanted to resize an image before put it up.
Or lets say we wanted to send an email as soon as the
order has been created. Or lets say we wanted to do
write limiting or anything else. If you want to do anything
before it actually gets put into the data, it's simply just
storing data, then we need another layer on top of that.
That's actually going to take care of
handling all of the Logic.
So that's what GraphQL Yoga is and GraphQL Yoga is where
we're going to, it's gonna sit on top of Prisma
or sit in front of Prisma and sort of proxy
all of the requests.
So this is where we implement all of our query and
mutation resolvers.
That means like when someone requests to add an item,
before we put it into the prism database, we to actually
do a little bit of data massaging and that happens
at a Yoga layer.
Any custom server inside Logic that needs to happen.
Charging credit cards. You can't charge your credit card
in a database, but you can't do that just client side.
That needs to happen on there server side.
So before it makes its way into the Prisma DB,
we make sure that we charge the credit card
on the Yoga server.
And this is just an express server that sits in front
of Prisma sending emails, performing authentication,
any permissions that we may have.
All of the Logic is going to happen in front of the Prisma
with the GraphicQL Yoga.
So it seems like a lot, however, I do believe that
all of these things have their own use case.
And it is the best stack for building GraphicQL
in my opinion right now.
I have spent a year on this and I have built my own
which was very painful.
I've tried a whole bunch of other servers that are out there
and in my opinion this is the best way forward for
building a hundred percent open source
based GraphicQL stack.
So hopefully that makes sense.
We're going to be coming back to these pieces fairly often.
Just so we understand what all the different pieces are,
but for now lets actually get writing some code